all right it is December something team
11 or the 12 this is the seat dirty
clown mobile because it used to be a
blow to snow don't fall kill yourself
this is a cold start it's about 20
degrees outside and we'll see if she
starts right up
it is cold out
might be a GM thing
just had to get that guys hold to that
good carburetor there
stupid
yes she does sir
the Walmart never starved back 65 head
starik start
this is why I wouldn't start
there
not bad for a truck that just sits out
an empty lot full of
there she is the c30
thank God for a real short ride in the
truck
now the brakes there a barely existence
so much
no mercy brickwork it does yes
stammers
a whole lot of useless in there no
the power wheels down there
tractor parts I forgot to take those out
that was a fun trip
refrigerator parades
it's great
they're right over here
here we are listen I throw out bearing
that great I know I'll lose the keys the
only things
that's the only ignition key on door key
don't set the huh
by the basing of my
the choke stick side
just shut it off
there's a lever jacket and there goes
your expertise of the c30 yeah it still
moves
you